---
title: Appeal into St Gabriel's Secondary School
permalink: /appeal-into-stgss/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><strong><u>Appeal into St Gabriel’s Secondary School (medical reasons) – by 21/12/23 12pm</u></strong></p><p>The MAE only applies to students with serious medical conditions. The MAE application form will be given to parents with valid medical reasons and upon request. Parents are to file their appeals at the posted school by 12pm, 21 December 2023. Documentary evidence of the serious medical condition, and/or an official letter from a certified doctor or an assessment from qualified medical professional(s) of the student’s conditions and needs must be provided.</p><p>School transfer under the MAE is subject to availability of vacancies. Successful applicants will not be allowed to reject the reposted school and request to be admitted back to their original posted school. Student successful in MAE will be distributed the Medical Appeal Result Letters on 2 Jan 2024.</p><p>For enquiries, please email Ms. Gloria Lee: <a href="mailto:LEE_Suh_Ching@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">LEE_Suh_Ching@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong><u>Appeal into St Gabriel’s Secondary School (non-medical reasons) – by 26/12/23 12pm</u></strong></p><p>Dear Parents/Guardians,</p><p>Primary 6 students who have just received their secondary school posting in 2023 may use this form to appeal for transfer to St Gabriel's Secondary School. Transfer will be subject to available vacancies and the school’s admission criteria.</p><p><strong><em>The appeal will only be considered if your child/ward meets the school's cut-off point (2022).</em></strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>G3: 14-22 (affiliated), 11-18 (non-affiliated)</strong></p></li><li><p><strong>G2: 22-25 (affiliated), 21-24 (non-affiliated)</strong></p></li><li><p><strong>G3: 26-29 (affiliated), 26-29 (non-affiliated)</strong></p></li></ul><p></p><p></p>